# Description of Drive & Drop
Drive & Drop is a company established with the purpose of providing people with a car rental service to be able to move between cities and countries of the European Union. The great differentiator of Drive & Drop business proposal is the use of electric cars to dispense with fossil fuels, helping the environment and give a person the option of renting a car in case it is not going to be used for a while.
The idea was born before the null supply of electric cars, the need to transfer by car to transport more passengers or furniture and in the face of a pandemic that man faces, avoid crowds of people and thus be able to avoid any biological hazard that can be face at on planes and buses due to the amount of people transported. Additionally, given the premise that with the pandemic many people now work remotely and the use of vehicles to move to offices has decreased, this company represents an opportunity for these people to generate extra money, which is undoubtedly of great help in the face of the economic blow suffered. 
The customers are the individuals who choose convenience of renting cars, without burden of own car costs and maintenance, who share the same desire of “green” world. They can pick the car from the company’s charging stations and leave it in the next station of their destination. Each charging station has at least one charging port, and since the service grows in popularity, Drive & Drop plans to extend its presence and increase number of ports and stations per location and then country.
The company decided to create a database to have a greater control of the administrative tasks generated by the business operation and in consequence hiring personnel with knowledge of SQL. Among the main purposes of the information generated are the creation of invoices for all customers who use the service and that is linked to the time and distance of usage of each of the vehicles, the understanding the traffic/demand of each of the cities to be able to generate valuable information that could help to improve the offer and thus the user experience when needing a car, and to be able to track changes that are made in the same database.

